Adds: dry-run, sync subset, and Fig autocomplete (#14)
launchdarkly-labs/sync-ld-flags: README.md

* Prerequisites
* Fallthrough rule

## Quick setup

1. Install with `npm`

   ```
   npm install
   ```

2. Run the script, passing in the project key, source and destination environments, and API token:

   ```
   ./sync-ld-flags --api-token API_TOKEN \
     --project-key PROJECT_KEY \
     --source-env SOURCE_ENVIRONMENT_KEY \
     --destination-env DEST_ENVIRONMENT_KEY
   ```

   **Note:** The environment key can be found in Account Settings within the LaunchDarkly application immediately under the name of the desired environment.
   
   Optionally pass a host override:

   ```
   ./sync-ld-flags --api-token API_TOKEN \

>      -H https://your-launch-darkly-deploy.com

Reviewer: Will the user need single quotes around the URL here?

Author: nope, should be ok without it

     -p PROJECT_KEY \
     -s SOURCE_ENVIRONMENT_KEY \
     -d DEST_ENVIRONMENT_KEY
   ```

   Use `-D` to enable HTTP debugging if needed.

## All options

Usage:

```
./sync-ld-flags [options]
```

Options:

```
  -p, --project-key <key>      Project key

>   -s, --source-env <key>       Source environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -s, --source-env <key>       Source environment key
```

  -d, --destination-env <key>  Destination environment
  -t, --api-token <token>      LaunchDarkly personal access token with
                               write-level access.
  -f, --flag <flag>            Sync only the specified flag
  -T, --tag <tags...>          Sync flags with the given tag(s). Only flags
                               with all tags will sync.
  -o, --omit-segments          Omit segments when syncing (default: false)
  -H, --host <host>            Hostname override (default:
                               "https://app.launchdarkly.com")
  -v, --verbose                Enable verbose logging (default: false)
  --dry-run                    Preview changes (default: false)
  -D, --debug                  Enable HTTP debugging (default: false)
  -h, --help                   display help for command
```

## Other

This project supports [Fig](https://fig.io/) autocomplete!

Add `--api-token` and (optionally) `--host` at the beginning of your commands and Fig will provide suggestions for your project and environment keys.

Want to set these configuration variables more easily?

> ![Auto-complete configuration](docs/images/autocomplete-config.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Autocomplete configuration.](docs/images/autocomplete-config.gif)
```

> Auto-complete keys and servers by using a config file:
> 
> Add the following configuration to `~/.config/ldc.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can autocomplete keys and servers by using a config file. Add the following configuration to `~/.config/ldc.json`:
```
